[DCUBESDQLR-2356] Add custom content slot to FullscreenImageCarousel (#1098)
LifeSG/react-design-system: stories/fullscreen-image-carousel/fullscreen-image-carousel.mdx

<Canvas of={FullscreenImageCarouselStories.Configurable} />

## With custom content

> Slides can render arbitrary content via `renderContent`. When `itemLabel` is set, carousel aria-labels switch to generic wording.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Slides can render arbitrary content via `renderContent`. If the content is not an image, you are recommend to set `itemLabel` so that the type of content can be described accurately to screen readers.
```
